[Music]
hey everybody simple question for you
who doesn't love travelling well I sure
do and I've been to a lot of different
countries but there's one that will
stick with me forever India like I said
I'm pretty well-traveled I like to go
abroad at least once a year so I've got
a lot of trips under my belt but when a
friend told me that I just have to see
India well that's exactly what I did I
went in September the last month of the
summer monsoon it was pretty dry and
sunny but with short rains here and
there the perfect weather for a traveler
if you ask me being the confident and
well experienced Globetrotter that I am
I went there prepared and I thought I
was ready for anything boy was I wrong
the colors the contrasts the pace the
people everything hit me like a ton of
bricks and didn't let go even when I was
already back home as soon as I stepped
out of the airport I felt dizzy it could
have been the heat the jetlag or the
hunger in my belly I assumed it was the
latter so I decided to head out for some
authentic Indian food as soon as I throw
my bags in my hotel room now the food
there deserves a big shout-out first of
all Indians eat very little meat in fact
they have the lowest meat consumption
per person in the world most of their
dishes are vegetarian and meat is
replaced with soy meat this is mostly
because 80 percent of the population is
Hindu probably like you I'd always heard
that Hinduism requires a strictly
vegetarian diet but that's not the case
it's just because they believe not
eating meat minimizes the hurt they
bring to other living beings that's
definitely one of the things I learned
during my travels and I was pleasantly
surprised
another thing about food in India is
that it's all heavily spiced that comes
as no surprise really since India is
well known across the world as the
biggest spice producer and exporter but
there's one region that stands out
exclusively in this regard the state of
Kashmir it's home to the most valuable
spice ever saffron sure this flower
isn't unique to India it also grows in
Iran and Spain
Kashmir however produces the highest
quality and the most expensive saffron
in the world the town of pan pour is
literally built around saffron fields
there are actually three varieties
cultivated there there's manga the most
expensive one that costs about 1,600
dollars a pound then you've got lucky
which interesting enough is less pricey
at $1,000 per pound yet saffron farmers
say it's the purest and finally there's
Arda it's the cheapest but only compared
to other varieties because $250 a pound
isn't exactly what I call cheap anyway
India's spice game is definitely on
point so I found a good place to eat and
as soon as I saw the menu I remembered
that Indian is also famous for its large
variety of teas or as the locals call it
chai you should see the sheer number of
options I never thought there could be
that many types of tea if you're a tea
drinker I'm sure you know Darjeeling
Kenda song but have you ever heard of
Karnataka or Congre does Munnar ring a
bell I don't blame you I had no idea
that these kinds exist either and those
are just the tea producing regions
there's even more once you get into the
types of thai by adding particular
spices and herbs
take for example masala chai which is
made with cinnamon ginger cloves and
herbs
I personally fell in love with butter
tea it's so thick and creamy mm-hmm I
could drink it by the gallon basically
you take tea leaves some butter hot
water and salt mix it all up and thank
me later
with a full belly and plenty of chai
pumping through my veins I was ready for
some sightseeing I landed in New Delhi
so I spent the rest of the day walking
around and taking in all the sights
whenever I go abroad I like to carry a
little phrase book in the local language
well if you ever find yourself in India
you're gonna need a really big book
because there are actually twenty-two
officially recognized languages their
English is among them so I was okay just
sticking to that but those 22 official
languages are just a drop in the huge
linguistic ocean of the country by
different accounts there are from 122 to
300 major languages spoken in India as
well as up to 1600 lesser known ones
basically if you travel from one town to
another you'll hear people talking a
different language and if you happen to
go to another state you can forget
everything you might have learned in
your previous location how they manage
to communicate with each other is still
beyond me New Delhi was awesome I wish I
could talk more about it but I had a lot
to see I did find time to take a train
up to Amritsar and see the golden temple
ah how do I even begin to describe it
the whole thing is covered in gold and
sits in the middle of a huge pool of
water this is where the tradition of
languor takes place Langer is a
vegetarian meal that's given to any and
everyone who comes to the temple
regardless of their background or
beliefs just imagine the golden temple
provides a free meal to over 50,000
people a day and on special occasions it
can feed up to 200 thousand I got a free
meal too and it was really delicious you
can volunteer there as well I did just
that because I was in so much are about
the place I didn't want to leave what I
actually regret is that I didn't get to
see the khumba Miele in action it's one
of the greatest celebrations of India
and apparently it's a sight to behold
in 2011 so many pilgrims gathered in one
place that the whole congregation of 75
million people was even visible from
space this year it's taking place from
January until early March so if you've
seen it with your own eyes just know
that I'm so jealous
in fact whatever India does it does it
on a huge scale for example it has the
largest number of post offices in the
world wherever you go you'll stumble
upon one literally on every corner the
irony of this is that it doesn't really
help the situation with delivery times
one Indian guy told me it's totally
normal to wait for your package to be
delivered in two weeks time even if it
was sent from a nearby town
but hey patience is a virtue but it
doesn't stop there
India places third in terms of the
number of Guinness world record holders
the world's fastest nose diaper the most
expensive wedding ever held and the most
selfies taken together are just a few of
the bizarre world records held in this
country what else the largest railroad
network in the world check well almost
since the United States does technically
have more but anyway andia has built
over 3.5 million miles of railroads
which considering the smaller size of
the country still means easier transit
within and between different locations
with that in mind it shouldn't really be
a huge surprise that Indian Railways is
also the largest employer in the world
it has over a million employees and
considering the country's extensive
railway network these people are
scattered throughout India from the
smallest villages to the biggest cities
the number of jobs grows every year so
it looks like you could always get a job
there if you're looking for employment
in India anyway what can I say about my
final impressions I was blown away and I
seriously didn't want to leave this
fascinating place visiting it was like
going to a whole new world for me I
tried to get as many souvenirs as I
could but I almost forgot one important
thing if you ever go there by the way
you'd better remember it too no one is
allowed to take India's national
currency in or out of the country it's
actually against the law so make sure
you change your money before you cross
the border I almost made this mistake
but a friendly local told me to exchange
my rupees at the airport
and off I went headed back home with my
suitcase full of exotic stuff and my
head pulsing with impressions can you
tell me anything else about India that I
missed I'm definitely going to go back
so leave me some recommendations down in
the comments too and if you enjoyed
hearing my story then give this video a
like share it with your friends and hit
the subscribe button to join me on the
bright side of life